1. Do you think this current system provides adequate accountability around short-term
rentals in San Francisco? In your response, describe why you believe the system is
adequate or inadequate. If you believe the system is inadequate, discuss a possible
change in actions required to improve accountability in this system. You may refer to the
SWE Code of Ethics as you think through your response.

    a. While the current system for regualting short term rentals in San Fracisco has some accountability,
    such as requiring hosts to get a policy numbers and differentitating between superhost and ragular hosts, it
    is not enough. Many listing either have a pending or exempt policy numbers, which makes it hard to check compliance 
    and enforce safety, tax, and zoning regualtions. The lack in transparecny allows for violations to go unnoticed.
    This has the potential of undermining the commnuity standard and fair hosuing rules. To improve accountability,
    the city needs to enforce a stricter policy registration, inclduing automatic verfitcations before a listing 
    goes live. Another step would be track the listing activity more effectivey to make sure to complines. This
    would align more with the SWE Code of Ethics principle that software systems shoudl promote public good and prevent 
    potential harm.
    


2. As discussed in the introduction, the legality of web scraping is still uncertain in the US.
Skim through the Legal Issues section of Web Scraping in the US on Wikipedia and this
article about the legal issues with the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and describe at
least one factor you believe is important to consider when discussing the legality of web
scraping and why.
    a. 
    
    One factor that should be thought of when look a tthe legality of web scraping is wether 
    accessing a websity without permission fall under "unauthorized access" under the CFAA. 
    While public data may seem to free to access, the CFAA has been interpreted in a way
    that make scraping a violation if it goes against the site's terms of service. This means,
    with legal ambiguity,  that even scraping publicly available data could lead to result of 
    liability. For this reason, devleoper need to be careful when evalutating both website's rules
    and the potential risks before collecting any data.

3. Scraping public data does not always lead to positive results for society. For example,
look to Facebook–Cambridge Analytica data scandal - Wikipedia or Clearview AI -
Wikipedia. Many argue that using someone’s personal data without their consent (even if
publicly provided) is unethical. Web scraping requires thoughtful intervention. Develop at
least two guidelines you think are important to consider when deciding whether to do
web scraping.
    a. 

    1. Respect user consent and context. Even when data is public, it should not be used in 
    manner the user did not expect. Large scale scraping and repurisng and violate a user privacy.
    Such as in the scanal with with Facebook.
    2. Evalutating the potential harms before scraping - Before scraping, developers need to consider
    how the data could be used and whether it could cause harm to the user by misue or possible surveillance.
    Similar concerns where raised around Clearview AI. If the potential risks outweigh the actuall benefits then
    scraping should be avoided. 