1. Do you think this current system provides adequate accountability around short-term
rentals in San Francisco? In your response, describe why you believe the system is
adequate or inadequate. If you believe the system is inadequate, discuss a possible
change in actions required to improve accountability in this system. You may refer to the
SWE Code of Ethics as you think through your response.
    a. Accoundability in housing is incredibly important as there is an extreme housing shortage in the US.
    Requiring hosts to register, limiting unhosted rentals, and verify registration numbers is just a small step 
    to further ensure rentals are legal and safe for people to use. Overall, I believe the system is inadequate
    due to the lack of enforcement. The idea of short-term rentals is still a new concept to a large population 
    of people so enforcing laws and keeping people responsible is necessary, something the system is heading 
    towards, but has not reached it completely. Personally, I would want automatic tracking of rentals and 
    transparency between the city and the rental. I hope alongside this there would be some consequence to 
    people who do not respect these rules. 

2. As discussed in the introduction, the legality of web scraping is still uncertain in the US.
Skim through the Legal Issues section of Web Scraping in the US on Wikipedia and this
article about the legal issues with the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and describe at
least one factor you believe is important to consider when discussing the legality of web
scraping and why.
    a. The legality of web scraping is a debated subject because of it's relative newness into technology as
    an innovation and therefore has several debates as to ethics and legality behind it. I believe that not 
    everyone should be able to web scrape some specific info, whether it's confidential or private, so people's 
    right to privacy is still upheld. Whether that's paywalls or blocks or something similar, if you don't 
    have access to it in the first place, you should not be allowed to web scrape it due to the reason it is 
    not giving you access. This is an ethical debate as the choice if something is publically accessible or not
    can be disputed, but overall respecting people's privacy should be the number one priority. 

3. Scraping public data does not always lead to positive results for society. For example,
look to Facebook–Cambridge Analytica data scandal - Wikipedia or Clearview AI -
Wikipedia. Many argue that using someone’s personal data without their consent (even if
publicly provided) is unethical. Web scraping requires thoughtful intervention. Develop at
least two guidelines you think are important to consider when deciding whether to do
web scraping.
    a. This question reminds me of public profiles and how jobs/universities can look into someone's 
    social media and deny them acceptance/the job if the person's social media is not viewed as respectful
    (whatever the reason may be). So, despite one's information being technically "public," I don't think
    this allows other's to use this data without their consent. Some guidelines I would propose include:
    1. Using their infomation for a reason different than the reason the data is public. What I mean is if 
    someone posts photos for their friends to see but that data is used for another purpose other than liking it,
    or commenting, or whatever the social media allows, the purpose has been altered and therefore the person
    did not give their consent for that data to be used in a different way than they intended. 
    2. There should be some form of communication with the person whose data is being used. Whether this
    is a message to the person directly or something equivalent, the person should be informed of how their 
    data is being used and if they don't like how it's used, a way to take their data out of the innapproriate use. 
